h1. Blender to IQM

 h2. Blender when exporting to IQM

 h3. Needed/Example files
 * Bounding Box for Stand and Crouch: http://dev.xonotic.org/attachments/download/33/bbox_crouch_stand.zip
 * Erebus example blend: http://dev.xonotic.org/attachments/download/166/erebus.blend
 * Erebus example framegroups: http://dev.xonotic.org/attachments/download/167/erebus.iqm.framegroups
 * Link to exporter: http://lee.fov120.com/iqm/

 h3. Before You Start
 * use the bbox.blend in order to see the size that your model should be. Iqm exporter scale function untested.
 * use the duck_bbox.blend in order to see the size that your model should be when crouching.
 * for more information on bbox size refer to div0's model specs [[Player_Model_Spec]]
 * naming conventions for textures and model go as follow assuming the example is the umbra model: modelname: umbra.iqm, framegroups: umbra.iqm.framegroups, textures: umbra.tga or (jpg), umbra_norm.tga, umbra_gloss.tga,  (need to add more)

 h3.  Exporting
 # Select both mesh and armature in object mode. 
 # Go to scripts > export > inter-quake-model. 
 # Now make sure bounding boxes and meshes are both highlighted in the script window. 
 # Export to a file path of your choosing, /path/to/umbra.iqm. Put the names of all the animations in the animations box, using commas for multiple anims. Then hit the export button and hopefully it will work without any errors. 
 # Your model will need a .framegroups file to be used in Xonotic, look at the example file at the beginning of this article or check the [[Framegroups]] section of this wiki. 

h3.  Notes

As of 01/06/2012, Xonotic uses these animations:
<pre>
dieone,dietwo,draw,duck,duckwalk,duckjump,duckidle,idle,jump,fly,painone,paintwo,shoot,taunt,run,runbackwards,strafeleft,straferight,deadone,deadtwo,forwardright,forwardleft,backright,backleft,melee,duckwalkbackwards,duckstrafeleft,duckstraferight,duckforwardright,duckwalkforwardleft,duckbackwardright,duckbackwardleft
</pre>
