h1. Hardware Requirements

h2. Results from the-big-benchmark

h3. Xonotic 0.6

| Username | System | CPU | GHz | Cores | RAM | Vendor | Card | Driver | OS | Arch | omg | low | med | normal | high | ultra | ultimate | Notes | Log download |
| tZork | mediabox | Intel i3-2100 | 3.1 | 2 | 8G | ATI Technologies Inc. | AMD Radeon HD 6770 | 4.1.11399 Compatibility Profile Context | Windows 7 | x64 | 259 | 237 | 224 | 212 | 183 | 130 | 116 | | http://mapdl.xonotic.eu/tzork/the-big-benchmark3.zip |
| SavageX | desktop | Phenom II X4 945 | 3.0 | 4 | 8G | ATI Technologies Inc. | AMD Radeon HD5670 | 4.1.11005 Compatibility Profile Context | Linux | x64 | 249 | 232 | 210 | 195 | 168 | 103 | 73 | | http://ompldr.org/iY2lwYg |
| divVerent | grawp | Athlon II X4 620 | 2.6 | 4 | 4G | NVIDIA Corporation | GeForce GTS 250/PCI/SSE2 | 3.3.0 NVIDIA 290.10 | Linux | x64 | 219 | 215 | 196 | 186 | 169 | 103 | 66 | | http://ompldr.org/vY2luNQ |
| divVerent | nb-04 | Intel(R) Core(TM)2 Duo CPU P8700 | 2.53 | 2 | 4G | NVIDIA Corporation | GeForce 9600M GS/PCI/SSE2 | 3.3.0 NVIDIA 290.10 | Linux | x64 | 196 | 183 | 161 | 125 | 96 | 39 | 17 | | http://ompldr.org/vY2lxeQ |
| divVerent | whitenot | Intel(R) Celeron(R) M processor | 0.63 | 1 | 2G | Tungsten Graphics, Inc | Mesa DRI Intel(R) 915GM x86/MMX/SSE2 | 1.4 Mesa 7.11.2 | Linux | x86 | 20 | 8 | - | - | - | - | - | 640x480 | http://ompldr.org/vY2luOQ |

h2. How to run the benchmark

First turn off any screen savers you may be running.

Then, in misc/tools/the-big-benchmark/, run the-big-benchmark.sh or the-big-benchmark.bat depending on OS. Wait for about 1 hour, then - if it's not done yet - you are allowed to quit the process by entering "quit" on the game console. The results will be saved in data/the-big-benchmark.log. Upload this file, and analyze it and enter the values here!

The lists are sorted by the "normal" column in descending order. In case of equality, further sort criteria are chosen to the left.

The fields have the following meanings and are extracted as follows:

h3. Username

The user name on the tracker here.

h3. System

A host identifier (e.g. host name)

h3. CPU

The CPU in the system. On Linux, get this from /proc/cpuinfo.

h3. GHz

The CPU clock frequency.

h3. Cores

The number of CPU cores in the system. On Linux, get this from /proc/cpuinfo.

h3. RAM

The total physical memory of the system. On Linux, get this from `free`.

h3. Vendor

The vendor string (typically graphics card vendor). Get this from the-big-benchmark.log, as in:

    GL_VENDOR: NVIDIA Corporation

h3. Card

The renderer string (typically graphics card name). Get this from the-big-benchmark.log, as in:

    GL_RENDERER: GeForce GTS 250/PCI/SSE2

Sometimes this just lists the series of the chipset, and not the exact chipset number (e.g. 6700 Series). Then it is allowed to replace it by the proper chipset number (6770). Make sure to remove the "Series" then!

h3. Driver

The version string (typically driver version). Get this from the-big-benchmark.log, as in:

    GL_VERSION: 3.3.0 NVIDIA 290.10

h3. OS

The operating system. One of Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7, Linux, OS X 10.5, OS X 10.6, OS X 10.7.

h3. Arch

The operating system architecture. Typically one of x86, x64.

h3. Notes

Special notes for the run.

h3. omg, low, med, normal, high, ultra, ultimate

In this order, the integer part (part before the . - yes, we round downwards) from the fps number from the MED: lines of the-big-benchmark.log. For example, the following lines:

    MED: 10510 frames 47.8206480 seconds 219.7795398 fps, one-second fps min/avg/max: 127 227 439 (336 seconds)
MED: 10510 frames 48.7275059 seconds 215.6892663 fps, one-second fps min/avg/max: 128 225 476 (336 seconds)
MED: 10510 frames 53.5346079 seconds 196.3216023 fps, one-second fps min/avg/max: 109 209 468 (336 seconds)
MED: 10510 frames 56.3927591 seconds 186.3714450 fps, one-second fps min/avg/max: 97 199 449 (336 seconds)
MED: 10510 frames 62.1347530 seconds 169.1484957 fps, one-second fps min/avg/max: 91 181 399 (336 seconds)
MED: 10510 frames 101.2439241 seconds 103.8086985 fps, one-second fps min/avg/max: 23 123 241 (336 seconds)
MED: 10510 frames 157.8243561 seconds 66.5930168 fps, one-second fps min/avg/max: 21 74 138 (336 seconds)

lead to: 219, 215, 196, 186, 169, 103, 66

If a run was not made (you then have less MED: lines), or if a run was incomplete for some reason (then the corresponding MIN: line does not show the same frame count as MAX:), a dash ("-") is to be entered.

h3. Notes

Differences to normal test environment (e.g. different resolution than the intended resolution of the test, which is 1024x768), or problems that happened during the test.
