Mapping - Packaging
===================

pk3 packages
------------

`.pk3` files are basically just renamed `.zip` archives. The content needs to follow a certain folder structure.
Map related files go into `maps/`, sounds go into `sounds`, etc. If you followed the suggestion from [First Map](mapping-FirstMap)
creating a `.pk3` package only consists of removing build artifacts, adding the map files to a `.zip` archive and renaming it.

Required files
--------------

While technically only the `.bsp` file generated by the map compiler and all used assets that are not part of the game are needed,
some other files are needed so that the map works properly.

`maps/<mapname>.bsp` - This is your compiled map file  
`maps/<mapname>.mapinfo` - This file has the meta information, artist, global music track, gametype(s) and game settings  
`maps/<mapname>.tga|png|jpg` - This file is a screenshot of your map. If you don’t include this, you map doesn’t have a picture in the menu or the voting screen for servers and angels cry.  
`maps/<mapname>.waypoints` - [Waypoints](mapping-Waypoints) for bots  
`maps/gfx/<mapname>_mini.tga|png|jpg` - Minimap, will be generated by the map compiler.  

###Example mapinfo file

```
title My First Map
description Mapping tutorial map
author MyName
cdtrack 6
gametype dm
gametype tdm
```

Recommended files
-----------------

Adding these files is **strongly recommended**:

`maps/<mapname>.map` - This is an open-source game. Gives other the ability to learn and fix broken maps/extend maps.  
`License` - The license for the map. An open-source license like `GPL` is recommended.  
