h1. Mapping-Setup

h2. How to get your system all set up to start mapping ^^

h3. Step 1 -- Obtain mapping support

Wait for the mapping support download I linked to in the intro to finish downloading

... >.< this one http://dl.xonotic.org/xonotic-0.6.0-mappingsupport.zip

h3. Step 2 -- Extract zip

Un extract the .zip archive using your favorite archiving tool ... this could be 
* winrar
* ark 
* on a mac you just open it like a folder 
* any other tool that reads .zip files

h3. Step 3 -- Find the magic folders

Locate your .xonotic folder ... this step can be a little confusing ...

With xonotic there are 2 locations the game looks to find data ... 

there is the folder that the xonotic program sits in ... this is called the _install location_
* this is located ... wherever you put it ... if you dont know ... try a search

there is also the personal/hidden xonotic folder ... its called the _personal location_
* on linux this should be in ~/.xonotic 
* on windows (7) its in ~/saved games ... or something like that
* on mac ... its in ~/libraries/appdata ?? maybe ??

h3. Step 4 -- Understand the magic folders

if/when you find both of these folders ... you will see a data folder in *BOTH* of them

this data folder is treated the same ... xonotic will read data from both of them ...
this data can include ... maps -- textures -- sound -- models -- configurations -- and more ...

we will be saving stuff in the _personal location_ ... because it is both safer (doesn't get wiped when updating xonotic) and it only applies to you ... not everyone using the computer

h3. Step 5 -- Moving stuff

remember that zip we extracted? ... there should be 2 folders in it .

* data (yes ... another data folder)
* mapping

first open up the data folder and find the .pk3 file (may look similar to xonotic-maps-mapping.pk3)

take the pk3 and move it to the data folder in  the _personal location_ 

... if you are clever and found out that a .pk3 is really a renamed .zip *DONT EXRTACT IT* ... xonotic and netradiant read from the pk3 ... extracting is not necessary ...

all done ... ok

now take the mapping folder and move it to the root of _personal location_ (dont put it in any of the data folders)

h3. Step 6 -- Get net-radaint working

* if your on windows ... you are ready to go ... just double click on radiant.exe
* linux users may have to compile theirs ... dont worry ... netradiant is a pretty easy compile ... i'll fill in with greater detail later
* mac ... um ... its possible ... but complicated ... ill change this once I found that forum thread that explained how it is done



h3. Step 7 -- Setting up netradiant

remember the _install location_ ... netradaint wants to know where that is ... so ... be nice and tell it ... 

If all went well you should be looking back at a nice net radiant (although the windows version is ugly) 
also the textures window should be populated with lists of texture packs  ... if it isn't refer to step 5 ...

h3. Step 8 -- Final words 

YAY .. you finished the hardest part of mapping ... now you advanced to rank _1 - shape gazer_

<< [[mapping-Introduction]] 1 [[mapping-NetRadiant]] >>
 
