h1. Maps Branches

h2. mirceakitsune/arahia

Very low performance (even with reflections off at most 45fps), ridiculous "LOD jumping" of the trees

h2. mintox/geoplanetary

A bit too dark, otherwise great.

h2. divVerent/glowarena-cuinnton

LEAK, also, q3map2 light bugs

h2. mintox/implosion

DOES NOT MERGE. Author has to merge from master into map branch and fix the conflicts. Also, too dark.

h2. fruitiex/aggressor

Too small. Period.

h2. divVerent/courtfun2

Not really Xonotic style, otherwise fine.

h2. mirceakitsune/tomb

TOO SLOW.

h2. mirceakitsune/red_planet

Waiting for final touches by Cuinnton.

h2. plasmasheep/lsp
h2. mintox/equinox
h2. diabolik/ihsan

DOES NOT MERGE.

h2. ThePWTULN/campaigntimer
h2. diabolik/strength
h2. diabolik/darkzone
h2. mookow/facility_114
h2. mookow/facility114-ctf

DOES NOT MERGE.

h2. cbrutail/map-space_ctf

DOES NOT MERGE.

h2. cbrutail/textures-space_ctf
h2. plasmasheep/valentine114

DOES NOT MERGE.

h2. savagex/courtfun

DOES NOT MERGE. Superseded by divVerent/courtfun2?

h2. savagex/techassault
h2. mookow/condemned_castles
h2. fruitiex/warfare
h2. fruitiex/stormkeep

DOES NOT MERGE.

h2. fruitiex/space_elevator

DOES NOT MERGE.

h2. fruitiex/runningmanctf
h2. fruitiex/flow

DOES NOT MERGE.

h2. fruitiex/final_rage
h2. fruitiex/epsilon

DOES NOT MERGE.

h2. fruitiex/dance

DOES NOT MERGE.

h2. tzork/ents-onoff
h2. tzork/glowarena

DOES NOT MERGE. Superseded by divVerent/glowarena-cuinnton? If yes, DELETE.

h2. fruitiex/cubemaps
h2. fruitiex/textures
h2. cbrutail/spacectf

DOES NOT MERGE. Superseded by cbrutail/map-space_ctf? If yes, DELETE.

h2. cbrutail/map-further

DOES NOT MERGE.

h2. cbrutail/sandbox-lighting
h2. cbrutail/shaders_fx_xonotic2

DOES NOT MERGE.
