h1. Names

We agreed we should TAKE OUR TIME in picking out a proper name.
We have a plan A/B for ideal name choice
A) A name with an available .com (we'll of course get the .org too)
B) A name without an available .com - but some variation like <name>game.com available 

- We should have name that is unique (as much as possible)
- We should have a name without an existing meaning (like nexuiz)
- We should have a name that people can pronounce
- We need to think of a symbol for our game as well (aside from the kanji "n" that nexuiz uses)


h1. INSTRUCTIONS

PICK FROM THE LIST YOUR TOP CHOICES and send dokujisan your list. Keep in mind that you're picking the 
ones that don't completely suck. They dont have to be perfect, but they can give us a direction.
We need to start with a bulk list. We still hve more brainstorming for names to do. 

*This isn't the final list*

You guys picking from this list will help with future brainstorming.


h1. NOT AVAILABLE .COMs

delum
denox
divox
modium
monox
nexalon
nexean
nexelon
nexen
nexeno
nexeo
nexeon
nexeos
nexetic
nexevo
nexex
nexgo
nexid
nexidus
nexilo
nexilon
nexine
nexino
nexio
nexion
nexion
nexios
nexira
nexit
nexitus
nexium
nexium
nexiun
nexlon
nexnine
nexod
nexod
nexodo
nexoid
nexoir
nexola
nexolon
nexon
nexon
nexon
nexonic
nexonic
nexonic
nexor
nexora
nexota
nexotic
nexovo
nexten
nexum
nexun
nexuz
nexvi
nexvil
nexvo
nexx
nexzilla
nodilus
nodum
nodus
novem
novox
novum
xalan
xalin
xantis
xedan
xeden
xedex
xedion
xedium
xeleco
xelex
xelika
xelius
xellex
xelon
xelux
xendum
xenex
xenios
xenium
xenius
xenix
xenoic
xenotic
xenux
xilium
xoden
xoden
xodex
xodion
xodium
xodius
xodix
xodox
xodum
xolo
xonex
xonox
xoton
xotox
xotus
xovix
xovom
xovox
xovum
xudux
xulex
xulton
xunex
xunico
xunion
xunux
zaleco
zenux
divium
devium
devios
devion
xotus
xotius
zenux
zenon


h1. AVAILABLE .COMs

dellum
modiem
nexepharis
nexidium
nexidun
nexidux
nexilus
nexilus
nexiox
nexioz
nexiton
nexituz
nexivu
nexnion
nexodic
nexoic
nexoin
nexole
nexolic
nexolix
nexolum
nexolus
nexona
nexori
nexoric
nexorid
nexorin
nexorn
nexot
nexotus
nextnex
nexvium
nodium
nodius
noxodo
xaleco
xeleca
xelecon
xeleka
xelod
xendem
xepharis
xilod
xodem
xodeos
xodim
xodiox
xotux
xovim
xovium
xudex
xundem
xuniam
xuniox
xunium
xunius
xuniux
zeniux
zeonix




h1. Taoki picks

*NOT AVAILABLE .COMs*
nexine
nexium
nexon
nexuz
xenux
xodion
xodium
zenux

*AVAILABLE .COMs*
nexvium
xaleco
xelecon
zeniux
zeonix


h1. Morphed's picks

*NOT AVAILABLE .COMs*

nexod
nexoid
nexon
nexor
nexotic
novox
xalan
xedex
xelius
xoden
xoden
xodex
xodox
xonox
xovox
devium
devios
devion


*AVAILABLE .COMs*

nexoic
nexori
nexorid
nexorn
nexot
nodium
xelod



h1. Doku's picks

*NOT AVAILABLE .COMs*
nexeon
nexilon
nexion
nexotic
xelon
xendum
xenotic
xenux
xodex
xodius
xodox
xonox
xotus
zenux

*AVAILABLE .COMs*
nexilus
nexodic
nexolus
xendem
xundem
xuniox
zeonix

h1. -z-'s Picks

devion
nexion 
nexotic 
xenux
zeniux
zenux 
zeonix

h1. C.Brutail's Picks

xenotic
nexotic

or I can live with:
nexetic
nexira
nexonic


*Suggestions:*

My favorite pick would be:
Itoma

These are just suggestions, I'm not happy with any of them tbh (except Pheonix, but that was really shot down by other :D )
Reborn
NeXT
Pheonix

h1. mand1nga's Picks

*Japanese*

tairyoku ..... stamina
chikara ..... force / strength
utsu ..... hit
kenryoku ..... power
ryushutsu  ..... exodus
ikio ..... momentum
komyuniti ..... community
eirian ..... aliens
bakuhatsu ..... explosion
tatakau ..... fight
bödö ..... riot
böei ..... defense
yoroi ..... armor
hitobito ..... people
bömey ..... exile
hashiru ..... run
shïrudo ..... shield
danryoku ..... resilience
gijutsu ..... skill
noryoku ..... ability
sanran ..... spawn
hiraku ..... open
gense ..... source
furaito ..... flight
kaizoku ..... pirate
kessaku ..... masterpiece
hikage ..... shade

*English*

pulse
space arena
universe arena
speed of thought
space lineage
species
alien tournament
alien contest
alien jam
dimensions
crux
turning point

h1. FruitieX 's Picks

Xenotic

h1. divVerent's Picks

MragMest (russian origin, Dark Place)
MIPAS (Mutuaully Inexclusive Posts Are Stupid)
BRLOGENSHFEGLE (not really, we'll settle on that if we don't find anything within 1 week from retrieving this wiki page)

h1. tZork's picks

insurgi
phasma
Kinky Polka Police, zone xi nut :D 

h1. The voting

*As to stay true and share a little laugh, here's the piratepad copy of actual names, votes, and whatnot that happened during brainstorming:*

Picks
Suggested names by everyone, please don't repeat
Lets just combine them in a large list, no names added. This will remove redundancy.
 
 
Criteria:
 
1)The names must not names of medicine/disease
 
2)The names must be able to be phonetically pronounced
 
3)The names must have less than a 1000 hits on Google
 
Criteria Discussion:
8 or less chars? 10 would  be a better max why? I like shorter, but good names can be longer :) then why not up it to 20 why 10?
Hard limit isn't good, it's able to be recognized when a name is insanely long. 
 
 
 
Logo example http://www.nullgaming.com/stuff/forkuiz_logo_idea1.jpg
//I know it's only an example, but it looks like an xray of a vertebra (backbone)
whatever, just imagine some phoenix inspired image
//http://dclips.fundraw.com/pngmax/doctormo_Phoeonix.png very large png, beware
 
Suggested Names
http://dev.cankill.us/projects/notnexuiz/wiki/Names
</add.names.here>
 
Does not meet criteria: Akion (25000 hits), Itoma (639,000 hits), kenryoku (60,600 hits), pulse (65,500,000 hits), crux (5,980,000 hits, is also a noun, Linux distro), Xenatic (33,600 hits), Maven (10,200,000 hits, it is english word and means expert ), Xenoty (5,140 hits), Nexotic (9,710 hits), Yennu (17,600 hits)
 
Does meet 1000 hits criteria:
Neuxiom (a hit),
Xonotic (10 hits), 
xanitek (4 hits), 
 
Vote for the names you like here.
 
mand1nga: Xonotic, Akion
Samual: Akion, Itoma, Xenotic
FruitieX: Xenoty, Xonotic, Itoma (in that order)
C.Brutail: Itoma, Xonotic (in that order)
Doku: xonotic, akion, itoma (in that order)
 
Votes Count
<we will count votes sometime in the future so no one is influenced>
 
and the name is (drumroll) .... : 
 
Archive
//I suggest 2 criteria: 1) The names must not names of medicine/disease 2) They must have less than 1000 hits on Google; IMO that's too arbitrary. A project I contribute too tops our rankings, but there are over 100,000 unrelated hits.
//This is a NEW project, a unique name is critical
// News releases will rapidly bring any name used to the top of the results, I think.
// Most of our links come from the reviewers, or message boards
// That should already be a couple.
//Just consider this, it's best to be innovative with names, that's how they get remembered
// I maintain that 1000 is too low, it'll disqualify nearly all names that aren't extremely unique.
// Best of the best, I'd say...
// thats why we need a name like ARHEULRCEH<RYGCRDIEMONTU or so
// New criteria: It needs to be shorter than 12 letters
// Memorable trumps unique, I think. E.g. Ubuntu
// Would anyone remember how to type ARHEULRCEH<RYGCRDIEMONTU?
// No, and I think most of the non-obvious names should be ruled out. If you can't convey the spelling by saying it, it's bad. (E.g. "Zenjumps" works, "Xenjumpz" does not.) This is called phonetical :).
// if this pad is crawled by google then we should substract 1 to the amount of hits :>
//This pad is WIP, and in javascript.
 
//Bad news, xenotic.com/.org is taken... so what now? - Xenoty :)))
//We can use these criteria to filter our potential names
//The reason why we need less than a certain number of hits, is because we won't be found on a search engine if we don't, this is why Nexuiz is not an existing noun
 
Post random crap below this line :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0&feature=fvst
http://norefuge.net/vgng/vgng.html
T̶̞͖͎̹ͮͭ̔ͬͫ̏̉̚͞o̘͚͖̫̹̱̓͒ͣ͊̾ͪ̀͠ ̶̝̲̗̤͎̓̓ͣ́͢͟ͅî̧͈̞̖̕n͈̩͙̗̱̩͊̂͂͡v͆͏̣̦̪̲̲͓̻͔̮o̘̹͈̻͉͖̱͗ͬ͟k̛̩̝͎͉̆̽ͣͯ̐̋̌̄͜e̷̯͚̬̝̖̺̼͂͐ͨ͠ͅ ̼̤̤͚̺͊ͣ̓͂̒̈́̍͝ͅt̢͇͓̋̈́̋̓́ḥ͔̈́ͫͣͯ̽̒̇e̡͓̰̟͔̪͉͎͌͊̂̑̐͛̚͟ ̡͕̗̩̳͍̪̄͛̏͑h̸̴̦̝̝͕͓̽͊ͭ͘ì͍̖̓ͥ̾̑ͩ̊̆͞v̢̛̖͎̟̱ͪ̌ͣ͡ë́͑̔͢͡҉͎̰͉͎̱̗-̟͈̣̫̪̑̄̿̐̊̾ͫ͝͝m̷̙͉͈͗̄͘i̞͐ͩͭ́̃̑̒̕ǹ̨̎̆̋́҉̱̝̬d͈̟͍̺͙̬̯͓͛ ̡̙̠̪̘̝̖̍̋̒̽ͨ̊͞͡r̲͈̲̦̀ͪ̍̚e̡̛͇̪̩̩̩̫̅ͭ́ͯp̸̡͇̤͔͇͈̟̜̫̈́̇̑͌ͮͬͤr̛̞̱͚̒̋̈́ȇ̴͈͓̎ͪ͠s͎͎̺̞͚ͯ͋̇̎̎̓̋̀è̷͇̥̞̮͙̻̳̅̽͊͊͠͡n̫̤̥̰͕ͮ̓͆ͭ͢t̡̥̰͙̗͕̔̚̕͠i͖̦̥͓̲̾ͤ͐n͔̞̺ͥ̈́̕͘g̛͈̯̜̟̐̽̍̎ ͖̒̿͐̕c̛̞̲͕̿̅h̷̸̩͙͖ͮ͛ͫͯ͝ä̛̘͉̹͇̪̭͓́ͯ̈́͋ͬ̊̈͡o̻̽̂͝s̤̳̫̥̖̗̞̰̰̀͌́̓̿̓̿̾͘͟͢.̍̅̉҉͢͏̬
̛̫̲̫̳̞̺͋̇ͧ̃͌̓̽͋I͆̊ͣ̌͌҉̶̢̘͍̙̘͕͍nͮ͂͏̭̤̜v̤͒̋͐͑͛ͧͫ̔͠o͊ͩ̏͑̆͐̒̚҉̠͜k͚̖͎̥͍̱̽̍̐͞i̫͚͖̦͉ͭ͌͗́ͭn̤͍̳̞̽̇̈́͢g͔͖̝͍͙͖͎̎̂ͥ ͇̻͔̣̖̟͑ͨ͊͛ͩ͒̊͗ͯ̀t̷̨͚̝̹̜͎̦̊́̏̈̿̋̀̚h̫͎͓̮͈̘̫ͦ̕ͅe̶̲̹̬͖̥̅ͯ͒ͫ ̛̦̤̘̘͓͎̆͛͂̔͞f̷̨̪̗̟̙̅̽͜é̛̲̺͖̤̫͉̻̯̃̓ͩ̑̈́̕e̓ͨ͏̙̭̖̤̳̠͙͘ļ͋ͦ̏ͨ͛̅̍͟͏̤̬i̢̜̯͕̦̓n̸̛̪̜͔͚̮̣̈͐̔̄ͤͦͅġ̩͍̈́̾͆ͥͯͯ́͢ ̹̭̤̂̄͆͞͝o͎̪͚̲̳̬ͬ̑̑ͮ̚͘f̱̳ͭͨ̾͐̉̄͌̀͢ ̸̹̩͉̟̳̲͌͌͛̏͑͛ͨͩc̖͈̖̑ͫͨͦ̃h̡̲̘̻̫̤̜̮̘͑̿̾̕͝à̸̡͓̥͕͛ͩoͩ͌͒͏̸̘̱͍͔̬̜͡ş̡̺̩͖̼̮̹͋ͣ͌͌́̇͑͒.̷̮̰̹̱͓̞̱̥̀̑ͬ̾͐ͧͬͧ͞
̥̮̦̖͗̓͂̌ͫͭ́̎̚͡W̩̳̝͙̲̠͚ͫ̀͒ͧ̑ͫ̋͢i̻̬͉͇͇̳̭̺̍ͩ̿t̡̺̣͙̹̋̋͋̓̀hͥ̃͑ͦ͏̢̥͈̬̤͕̠͉̪̭ ̷̉ͩͤ̄̈̌ͧ̌͝҉̞͕̭o͆͗͜͟҉̞̲̞͎ü͖̦͕͎̝̖͇͚͛͒ͧ͠t̢̮̹̘̠̬͍̒ͪ̾͘ ̵̡̼̱̳̲͓͕̾ͦ̿́͊ͩͅͅo͕̩̣͉̟̜͇̟ͤ̆͘͞r͈͎̱̉ͬ͋̃ͬ̑͞ḑ̜̞̺͇͔̩̮̅̒̎͒ͧ̒͘ͅe̮̭̭͓̭͔̟̋̈́̍ͤ͠ŕ͉̠̃̄̌͟.̠̤͙̺̞͍͖̿̾ͤ
̩͇̺̬͖̰̽̈T͉̝̠ͩ̅͌̾͠hͣ̋͆̂̌́҉̝̯̲̻̰̞ě̬͍͉̟͋̐̀ͨ̂ ̶̤̻̮̜̝̩̱̪ͨͧ̏N̛̬̬̣̭̻̝̖̅ͫ̌̑͂͑ͫ̓̀͟ȩ̸̠̺͉̠̫͕̖̌̀ͮ̋̂̚z̧̜͇͖͎ͬ͛ͤ͂̈́͛͒͟p̲̗͍̩̻̼̰̹̽̾́̌̑̐͠e̸̗̞̤̯̝͔͆̄̌̅ͤ͛̍̀̐͟r̹̹̯̪͓͚͕ͯ̈ͭ̒̐̄̚d̵̞̰͉̗͗̊ͬ̍ȉ̸̥̜̝̪͇̍͒͐ͭ͞â̵͖̕͘ǹ̷ͫͣ̈́̋̃͏̯̠̯ ̸͍̠̣͎̌̓̆ͪ͛ḫ̸͆̊͗͡i̺͔̎̊ͬ͋̀͌ͫ͌͟ͅv͙̟͔̖̮͎̘͗ͯ̈́͋ͣͬ̀͘eͮͨ̑ͬ̒̀̾̕͢҉̮̣̲-̸ͣͯ͏̰̦̰̣͍̭m̴̞͉̥̣͈͕̭̔ͤ͑̃ͤ͐̀͡ͅi̷̧̒ͦ̇ͣͥ̽ͣ҉̤̬̰̩͚͈n̨̨̪͂̂̀ḓ̶̤ͦ̑͗́ͨ͒̐̉ ̲̰̣̼͕̻̫͇̳ͩ̌ͪͫ̏ͤͧ̊͞o̡̖̟̲ͩ͂͊́̇̈́̚f̶̩̮͕̱̱̩̒̏̂̄ͮ̕ ͥ̊͜͏̫̻̤͔̺͇̯̳ͅc̶̡̞͎͇̳̘̩͆̋̎̓͐͑́͂h͙̬̺͙͙͓͍ͩ̐͛̿͑̂ͥå̛̲͉͎̞̤̭̓o̵̝̺ͤ͐̇̈͑̊̈́ͩ͞s̵̢̧̭̹͖̺̒̋̍͐ͤ͗ͧ.̛͇͍͙̦̽̌͑͌ͧͫ ̵̞͚̬̻̰͖̺̙͊̉̐̈́Z̅̐͑̌ͧ͌͏̯͖̦ͅả͆͏̭̣̬l̖͈͖̣͙̭̳̟͂̽ͧ̍̊ͨg̼̓̅ȯ̻.̴̡̺͕̬̜̬͚͇͍͌̈̉̿̌̓͌̚͡ ̧̺̃ͦ͆͠
͔̩̮ͨͧͬḪ͓̗̗̼̜͓̲̊͆̏̌̏͜͟ȩ̜͉̙̖̫̬̈͐̓͊͒̐ͅ ͎ͥ̍w̛̱̌̇ͅh͕̤̹͚̰̘̩͛ͧͩ̂̓̿͗̅̀ó̜̥̥̣̪͖̫͒͋ͫ̿ ̛͓̗̼̮̥̘͐̒͐Ẅ̬̠̦̣̜̻͇̲́å͓̣̙̜̬̠͑̈̈́̀î̸̯̥̣͕͍̦̗̖͙̓̆t̛̛̩͕ͯ͛̌͌̊ͪs̶̢͚͉̗͓̉̓̎̍̉̊ͨ̋ ̥͔͍͋͟͠B̸̺̘̃ͭ͒̎ͪ͑e͉̤͖͇͌ͤͥͦh̘̝̰ͪ́͞i̸̥̠̥͓̺͇̅͒̽̈́̌͞n̶̰̳͕ͥ͟ḑ̙͉̬̞ͩͭͧ̋̉ͮ̃̇͘ ̷̷̗̖̺̯̉̐͐̏̆T̢̹͉̰ͮ̌ͮ̉ͤ̑̆͡͡h͕̪̥͓̫̣̣͐̑̎ͩ͝e͑̀̇͆̿ͪ͏̦̮͈́ ̶̪̝̞̹͚́̎ͦ̊͘W̴̖͎̋́͆̊̅ḁ̠̝̮̺̯̝̌͆ͮ̓ͣͨ̂͗l̘̲̺̣̀l̶͉̬͊̊͞.̟ͯ͐͌ͨ̀̕͞
̄̆͋ͥ͑̚̕̕͏̥̥̪̤̼̙Z̪̞͓̞̯̠̻̑ͣ̂͗ͣ̐̄̒ͅͅĄͫ̎͂ͪ̿ͪ͗̾͟͏̖̙̹̱̯̦͚L̨̢̞͙̬͇̥̰ͨͯͤ͟Ğ̗͈̙͙̰̒ͬͮͥ̀O̵̥̤͖̭͎̦̲̥͔ͦͤ͌͆!̵͍͔͓̝͖͔̹͈̏
^- I think this thing just broke my monitor
 
Reaction zone:
IMMA CHARGING MAH LAZER!
 
This piratepad thing is fucking fun! :DD:D:D:DDDd
 
………………….._,,-~’’’¯¯¯’’~-,,
………………..,-‘’ ; ; ;_,,---,,_ ;  ;’’-,…………………………….._,,,---,,_
……………….,’ ; ; ;,-‘ , , , , , ‘-, ;  ;’-,,,,---~~’’’’’’~--,,,_…..,,-~’’ ; ; ; ;__;’-,
……………….| ; ; ;,’ , ,  , _,,-~’’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ¯’’~’-,,_ ,,-~’’ , , ‘, ;’,
……………….’,  ; ; ‘-, ,-~’’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’’-, , ,  , , ,’ ; |
…………………’, ; ;,’’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’-, , ,-‘ ;,-‘
………………….,’-‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’’-‘ ;,,-‘
………………..,’ ; ; ;  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;__ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘-,’
………………,-‘  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,-‘’¯: : ’’-, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; _ ; ; ; ;  ;’,
……………..,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;| : : : : : :| ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  ; ; ,-‘’¯: ¯’’-, ; ; ;’,
…………….,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘-,_O _,-‘  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; | : : ::::O| ; ; ; |
……………,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ¯¯ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’-,,: : :,-‘ ; ; ; ;|
…………..,-‘  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,,-~’’ , , , , ,,,-~~-, , , , _ ; ; ;¯¯ ; ;  ; ; ;|
..…………,-‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,’ , , , , , , ,( : : :  : :) , , , ,’’-, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;|
……….,-‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  ; ;’, , , , , , , , ,’~---~’’ , , , , , ,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’,
…….,-‘’  ; _, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘’~-,,,,--~~’’’¯’’’~-,,_ , ,_,-‘ ; ;  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘,
….,-‘’-~’’,-‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; |  ; ; | . . . . . . ,’; ,’’¯ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,_ ; ‘-,
……….,’ ; ;,-, ;  ;, ; ; ;, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘, ; ;’, . .BLAAAAARGHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
………,’-~’ ,-‘-~’’ ‘, ,-‘ ‘, ,,- ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  ‘, ; ; ‘~-,,,-‘’ ; ,’ ; ; ; ; ‘, ;,-‘’ ; ‘, ,-‘, 
……….,-‘’ ; ; ; ; ;  ‘’ ; ; ;’’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘’-,,_ ; ; ; _,-‘ ; ; ; ; ; ;’-‘’ ; ; ;  ‘’ ; ;’-,
……..,-‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  ;¯¯’’¯ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; , ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’’-,
……,-‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,,  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; |, ; ; ; ; ; ;  ; ; ; ; ‘-,
…..,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; o ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;|..’-,_ ; ; ; , ; ; ; ; ; ‘,
….,’ ; ; ; ; ;  ; ; ; | ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;o; ; ; ;  ;,’…….’’’,-~’ ; ; ; ; ; ,’
…,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  ;’~-,,,,,--~~’’’’’’~-,, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,’…..,-~’’ ; ;  ; ; ; ; ,-
…| ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘, ; ; ; ; ;  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,’…,-‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,-‘
…’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,-‘ ; ; ###################LAZER#########’ (pulse) liar
….’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,-‘’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,’…….’’~~’’¯
…..’’-, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  ;_,,-‘’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,-‘
………’’~-,,_ ; ; ; ;  _,,,-~’’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,-‘
………..| ; ;  ;¯¯’’’’¯ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,,-‘
………..’, ; ;  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,-‘
…………| ; ; ;  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;|
…………’, ; ; ; ; ;  ; ; ; ; ~|||||||||||||||||||||||||||| ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’, <- censored
………….’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  ; ; ;,-‘….’’-, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘,
………..,’ ‘- ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  ;,-‘’……….’-, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘,
……….,’ ; ;’ ; ; ; ; ; ;  ,,-‘…………….’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’,
………,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  ;,-‘’…………………’’-, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; |
……..,’ ; ; ; ; ; ;  ;,,-‘………………………’’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; |
……..| ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,’…………………………,’  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,’
……..| ; ; ; ; ; ; ,’………………………..,-‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ;  ,’’
……..| ; ; ; ; ; ;,’……………………….,-‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,-‘
……..’,_ , ;  , ;,’……………………….,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,-‘
………’,,’,¯,’,’’|……………………….| ; ; ;  ; ; ; ; ; ‘--,,
………….¯…’’………………………..’-, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’’~,,
……………………………………………’’-,,  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’’~-,,
………………………………………………..’’-, ; ; ; ; ; ,,_ ;  ;’-,’’-,
…………………………………………………..’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘-,__,\\--\\.
……………………………………………………’-,  ; ; ;,,-~’’’ \\ , ,|, |
………………………………………………………’’~-‘’_ , , ,,’,_/--‘
 
I'll brb - FruitieX
