h1. Relics mutator:

The Relics mutator spawns several relics around the map, as items that players can pick up and hold. Each player can carry one relic at a time, and drops it when they die or press the "drop relic" button. If not picked up after some time, a relic will respawn in another location. Each relic grants a special ability to the player carrying it. Currently, there are 16 relics in Xonotic.

_NOTE: This mutator is not committed to master yet. To test it, see the branch mirceakitsune/mutator_relics in GIT._

_TODO: Test the mutator intensively and fix any possible remaining issues._
-_TODO 2: Add sounds and particle effects when a relic causes an action._- DONE
_TODO 3: Remove Runematch, as this mutator will replace it._
_TODO 4: Teach bots to go for relics, as low priority items._
_TODO 5: Show the relic you are carrying on the HUD._

h1. Relic types:

*1 - Resistance:* The Resistance relic protects the player carrying it, by making him take less damage.

*2 - Regeneration:* This relic slowly regenerates the carrier's health. It's not available when normal health regeneration is enabled, and therefore will not spawn by default.

*3 - Vampire:* The carrier of this relic is healed based on the damage he deals to his opponent. This relic will not spawn when the vampire mutator is enabled.

*4 - Ammo:* Slowly grants ammo of all types to the owner.

*5 - Damage:* The weapons of those who have this relic do more damage.

*6 - Splash Damage:* When the holder shoots someone, the damage is transmitted to those around the victim, harming them as well.
_TODO: Make this relic not affect team mates._

*7 - Firing Speed:* The player's weapons fire faster.

*8 - Disability:* A player shot by the owner of this relic is cursed for several seconds. Curses include: Slower movement, lower jump height, slower firing rate.
-_TODO: Add effects to the players cursed by this relic, such as particles and sounds._- DONE

*9 - Team Boost:* Players carrying this relic boost team mates that get close to them. The boost also lasts for a few seconds after they leave the carrier's radius. This relic will only spawn in team games.
-_TODO: Add effects to the players boosted by this relic, such as particles and sounds._- DONE

*10 - Speed:* Owners of this relic can run faster.

*11 - Jump:* Helps the player jump higher.

*12 - Flight:* Players fly around when they pick up this relic (just like observers)

*13 - Invisibility:* The player becomes transparent, making him harder to see and hit. This relic will not spawn when the cloaked mutator is enabled.

*14 - Radioactive:* Those who get too close to the holder of this relic will take damage.
_TODO: Make this relic not affect team mates._

*15 - Resurrection:* If you die while holding this relic, you will be revived with your health to default spawn value. The relic then respawns in a different location. This does not work for suicides.

*16 - Vengeance:* When the carrier dies, he causes a big explosion that harms anyone who was close. The relic then respawns in a different location. This does not work for suicides.
_TODO: Fix explosion particles, which are not showing for some reason._
