h1. Team Deathmatch (TDM)

h2. Object of the Game

The gameplay of Team Deathmatch (TDM) is very similar to [[Deathmatch|Deathmatch (DM)]], but the players are divided into two teams (Red and Blue) and are pitted against each other. Here, teammates may need to communicate with one another to ensure victory.
* Each kill you make (known in-game as a *frag*) awards your player 1 point.
* You will lose 1 point if you *suicide* (e.g. fall off the map into space, sink into lava, or kill yourself with a weapon).
* You will lose 1 point should you frag a teammate, otherwise known as *Friendly Fire* (_NOTE: Only if the match has FF enabled_).
* The team that collectively scores 50 points first wins the match.

h2. Map Entities

* *Weapons* - These can be picked up from various places around the map or from a downed player.
* *Ammo* - These may be found in the form of shells, bullets, rockets, jet fuel, or power cells.
* *Powerups* - All maps have "Health" and "Armor" powerups, which extend your lifetime. Some maps may contain powerups like “[[Strength]]” or “[[Shield]]” (which usually spawn every 2 minutes).

h2. Helpful Hints and Tips

* Always keep moving. This can be especially true for smaller maps and/or very crowded matches. If you stay in one place for too long, you risk becoming an easy target.
* If your map contains powerups such as the ones mentioned above, make good use of them. They can be useful tools to win a match!
* Keep your suicides at a minimum. Your point counter _can_ enter into the negatives, so always avoid self-injury.
* Using team [[binds]] like “Enemy seen” are useful here and can be used to alert teammates of an enemy presence.

h2. List of Demos and Videos

* Demo: <Insert Demo or Video Here>
* Players: <Insert Player Names Here>
* Key Points: <Insert key points in match here>
