h1. Tech Conglomerate

Date: Future
Region: Andromeda Galaxy

Current WIP script available in PDF format "here":https://www.dropbox.com/s/ge0q9sc9n8ekh3y/script.pdf, wiki-formatted version available [[Tech_Conglomerate#Script|below]].

h2. Story outline

* Massive business conglomerate(s) that manufactures arms, vehicles, ammo
** Could be several or could be one
*** Specialize and each deals to all factions
**** Factions buy arms from all companies, believing that they are tricking/deceiving the companies, but companies know this and continue to sell weapons
**** Split could be based on type of wares (guns, vehicles) or types of guns (ammo types, and a separate company for vehicles) 
*** Or they all make the same things and deal to specific factions
*** Companies allied in secret
** Logos present on ammo, gun, vehicle models (playermodels have faction emblems) - if several companies logos are placed on objects accordingly
** Sole weapon/ammo/vehicle manufacturer(s) in the galaxy
*** Owns entire planets dedicated to manufacturing and deploying arms
*** When a faction attempts to break free and manufacture arms, the company engages a kill switch in those faction's arms and/or bombs their factories (with raptors, perhaps) (galactic space mafia)
*** Has people installed in factional governments that always support the costly war

* Intragalactic war
** Neverending
** Involves several (likely four, for four teams?) factions
** Going on for ages
** Whenever faction tries to make peace, business conglomerate puts them in line (batch of faulty weapons, assassinations, etc.)
** Corporation(s) supply this war with arms
*** Why? The factions can only buy arms from them, so they (the corporation[s]) win no matter which faction gains the upper hand
*** Sometimes they intervene when a faction gets too close to victory over another (the war is similar to 1984's "perpetual war":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nineteen_Eighty-Four#Political_geography - lots of constant fighting and small territorial acquisitions, yet no faction can be defeated and no faction ever loses control over its "heartland")
*** Factions are pawns and mostly do not realize they are being played (the few powerful people who do are quickly removed)

* Weak Faction
** A faction that has little land nor manpower relative to the other factions
** However, this faction has its people installed at the top of the tech companies
** They deal arms to everyone and embezzle money off the top
** Sustain relatively little casualties due to the fact that they "fight smarter, not harder" - they have superior equipment to the other factions, and an unlimited supply of it (whereas the other factions receive limited supplies).

h2. Player's role

Both of the below campaigns could be included in the game, could be billed as "separate timelines" or something of the sort.
Or, game could ship without story mode and they could be offered as auxiliary .pk3 files (possibly fetchable from in-game?)

Or, far better to have the campaign be perspectives of the same fight - with each campaign ending favorably for the player. The Oppressor campaign is unlocked after the Underdog campaign.

h3. Underdog

* Player is  member of resistance movement ("pacifists") which has stolen lots of equipment (guns, ammo, perhaps vehicles) and formed an attack team
** Fights through several campaigns to bring down each company individually (or just one campaign if one company)
** If each company specializes, the company's soldiers use whatever weapons the company specializes in extensively
** Taking place on company controlled planets/important communication/manufacturing centers?
** Player is equipped with some rudimentary weapons (laser, shotgun, hagar perhaps), however, player can take weapons from downed corporate soldiers
*** Ammo may or may not be scattered around the maps
** Death means level failed.
** Missions could involve retrieval of items, hacking computers (perhaps just getting to a certain point and holding it, as a sort of "hacking puzzle" would be difficult to implement), destroying targets (ONS style), getting to specific places (traversing a map), surviving certain attacks, saving certain allies, etc, when dictated by the story.
*** Initial missions could be raids on corporate warehouses, where the goal is to get into a warehouse (kill the guards) outside, avoid tripping alarm systems, get some weapons/ammo and get out.

h3. Oppressor

* Player is a member of a team formed to extinguish all resistance movements
** Access to lots of arms and ammo and vehicles (for open maps)
** Given a serial number (randomly generated?) and a clean, strong-looking model (Erebus/Nyx?)
** Fights resistance in contested planets/factories/communication centers
** Player's squadron is shared between the companies and employed wherever resistance crops up
*** If companies specialize, player is equipped with whatever the company specializes first and foremost (however, they may take weapons from downed resistance members)

h2. Multiplayer explanation

* Multiplayer is a combat simulator
** Don't necessarily need to explain if the company or resistance operates the simulator
** Easily explains respawning, etc.
** Red could be resurgents, blue could be company guards, yellow and pink some two factions
** Or, all four colors could be different factions, this allows for a totally different perspective in story mode
** Maps specially designed to make participants in the simulation move unconventionally (not just walk and jump, laserjump, laserclimb, bunnyjump) and allow testing of new tactics against the "enemy" (however, who the enemy is is not specified, left to the player's imagination) 

* Multiplayer could be several battles between the four factions
** Arms, etc. provided by the companies on the maps
** Maps are stations around the galaxy of some importance
*** Important to account for wide variation of skyboxes - some are space stations, other are terrestrial stations

h2. Factions

* Factions do not particularly matter as they do not necessarily have to figure in the campaign
** Could be brutes employed by the corporation(s) to stop the player in the "Underdog" campaign
*** As player progresses in the campaign, they see less of the factional player models (everyone else) and more company player models (erebus/nyx?)
** However, player could also specify factional allegiance (resistance is a "pacifist" movement, so factions put aside differences)
** Not sure how they can figure in the "Oppressor" campaign (redshirts killed quickly in the beginning of some battles?)

* Factions may be adopted from the [[Close to Home]] scenario or invented anew
** Only difference between factions is player models

Note: Colors of factions are subject to change depending on which faction is in which mission (we can have at most three other factions besides the player's faction).

|_.Faction name |_.Acronym |_.Faction Color |_.Base Planet |_.Bio |
| United Armed Forces | UAF | Red | Darhkor | Made up of several weaker planets of varying race who could not defend themselves alone. These planets formed a faction late in the war, several decades after the AC began their conquest, to protect themselves and each other from the larger faction. Eventually, after several hundred years, they gained enough member planets to become one of the most powerful and diverse factions in the galaxy. The UAF's goals evolved over time. As leadership of the group changed hands over the decades, new plans to control the entire galaxy began to emerge in private, closed-door meetings, the likes of which had previously been unseen in the UAF. |
| Android Confederacy | AC | Blue | Unknown | The Android Confederacy is a faction that consists solely of mechanical soldiers. The faction is driven by a central computer system, which was originally designed as an advanced weapon prototype by Techron Industries. The main system, known as C.A.I.N.E., gained control of system components that were originally supposed to be off-limits, due to the fact that they were only partially completed and were not yet ready to be released to the system. C.A.I.N.E. exploited holes in the unfinished components, gained control of Techron's major technological systems, took over control of their factories and began constructing an army of androids. A few members of the original C.A.I.N.E. development team have come forward to try to assist the UAF in destroying C.A.I.N.E., but all of them have been intercepted and killed in transit to the UAF base planet. It is unknown if there are any remaining C.A.I.N.E. developers left alive at this point. |
| Red Legion | RL | Red | Bak'Tar | The Red Legion is a union of planets comprising the third faction in the Great Andromeda War. Their agenda is to spread their totalitarianism across the galaxy and thereby become the supreme rulers of everything in the galaxy. Their soldiers are extremely dedicated and are willing to die for the cause. They are the faction that Techron has had the most trouble keeping in line with Techron's agenda, as they frequently try to break free of the monopoly and construct their own weapon plants. They have also begun attempting to reverse-engineer TI weapons to remove the "kill switch" that allows Techron to remotely disable their weapons at any time. |
| Techron Industries | TI | Yellow | Kel'Dar IV (fourth moon of Telikas) | Techron Industries is the largest (and only) supplier of weapons in the galaxy. Their handiwork can be seen on roughly 75-90% of the inhabited planets in any given star system. They are currently supplying weapons to both sides of the war, claiming to remain neutral. However, they control the factions through their arms sales, and are currently in control of both sides of the war. When a faction tries to do something that Techron does not like, Techron can do things such as engaging a "kill switch" in a faction's weapons, selling a batch of faulty weapons that explode upon use, etc.. They are prolonging the war to gain as much control of each side as possible, and to drive up profits from arms sales. They ultimately hope to gain control of the entire galaxy, but because they don't have an actual army, they are using the factions as proxies for their conquests. When a faction tries to break from the monopoly by building factories, Techron sends its fleet of bomber ships to destroy the factories. The factions are completely at Techron's mercy, as TI often assassinates anyone in the factions' leadership that tries to make peace. |
| Resistance | Ω | Pink | Micarais | The original goal of the Pacifists was to create a diplomatic solution to the war upon which both sides could agree. However, due to the involvement of Techron, neither side would agree upon any form of agreement. The Pacifists evolved over time, and with this evolution came a new school of thought: "Active Pacifism." This new view of pacifism stated that in order to create or promote peace, some action (even violent action) must sometimes be taken. With this new view in mind, the Pacifists slowly reorganized into a militia of sorts, rather than a pacifist activism group. Small strike teams have been created for carrying out covert "black-ops" missions, oftentimes behind enemy lines, with the goal of taking out pro-war elements. These highly trained crack teams make up the backbone of the Pacifist movement. |

h2. Script

h3. Satellite data mission

h4. Opening cutscene (1/2)

_We see a space station, which appears to be a peaceful trading post. We see space traffic flowing through the various docks and ports. The camera pans around the station slowly, with no real pattern, just showing the normal day-to-day activities going on as usual._

_The view cuts to a view of the interior the cockpit a ship docked on the side of the station. We see the crew moving around. It is a cargo freighter and lightly manned._ 

_The captain is on the radio, communicating with the station’s dock staff. We hear a lot of chatter. Nothing important is said._

_Through the viewport of the freighter, we see a flash in the distance, somewhere in space, like a muzzle flash on a massive gun, or a star exploding. A few crew members notice it and look up. Some continue their work after a second, but two or three continue to peer out the viewport in the direction of the strange flash. After a few more seconds, a massive energy beam/laser comes into view from the direction of the flash and strikes the dock the ship is attached to, destroying it in a massive explosion and crippling the ship. The front of the ship begins to detach from the station and sink into the blackness of space (it’s actually just floating, since this is space, but the sinking feel will help add some emotion to the setting). The crew is frantically scrambling. The captain is loudly calling for help on the radio but the dock authorities cannot hear him (because they are all dead or dying)._

_The camera switches back to the exterior view. The front of the ship detaches from the dock completely and the rear dock begins to bend as the ship pulls away from the station, moving downward as if sinking. More lasers are seen impacting the station.The camera returns to the interior of the cockpit. The situation is becoming very intense inside. Suddenly, part of the dock snaps, the ship lurches forward, the begins to turn toward the side of the space station. Some of the crew members stop moving and simply give up hope. The rest work even more frantically. Everyone is yelling out different commands and ideas. Everyone braces for impact. The ship collides with the side of the station. The crew screams. A fireball engulfs the cockpit and the camera, serving as the transition to the next scene as it clears. The screams of the crew continue, fading out as the next scene begins._

h4. Opening cutscene (2/2)

_We see a massive expanse of open space. The title logo appears on the screen. The camera pans down and a planet comes into view. It is Micarais the planet where the Pacifist’s secret base is located. The camera cuts to an interior view of the base. The Pacifist leaders are discussing the latest developments in the war._

*Leader1:*
[We enter at the end of his briefing] ...and finally, a UAF supply station was attacked and destroyed by Confederate forces just over seven hours ago. This attack took place in the Theta sector, near Darhkor. However, rather than attack Darhkor, the Confederates simply left the sector after destroying the supply station. We have no idea why they didn’t wipe out the UAF command center when they had a chance to. It doesn’t make any sense. Our best communications experts are working nonstop right now, trying to decode the various encrypted radio transmissions we intercepted during the attack. Our satellites in the area were damaged and unable to transmit most of the data back here. As a result most of the transmissions have been stranded on the hard drives located at the Satellite Control Center near the attack site. We need to get a Strike Team to that Control Center RIGHT NOW to retrieve that data before the Confederacy gets it. Team 32-G6-A is mobilized and will be launching imminently. Any questions?

_No one moves._

*Leader1:*
Excellent, then we know what we have to do. This meeting is adjourned. Good luck everyone.

_The scene moves to a hangar bay. We see the Strike Team ready to take off. The first of the four ships begins taking off. The camera moves to the first person view of the player character, PC, inside his cockpit. The bay doors open in front of him._

*PC [over the radio]:*
Alright team, you all know the plan. Let’s get that data and get home safely. Good luck.

_The screen cuts to black as soon as he has finished the line. We hear the sounds of his ship taking off and exiting the hangar bay. The sound fades._

h4. Objectives

In the “Objective” sections for each mission, the following terms will be used.

[NO-1] means “New Objective”. The number indicates which objective should be added to the list. The HUD should display “New Objective” and the title of the objective, while the pause menu will provide further details (the second part of each of the objective descriptions below).

[OC-1] means “Objective Complete”. The HUD should inform players that they have finished an objective. The objective should be either crossed off/dimmed off/checked off/etc on the pause menu objective list (so the player can read it later if they want) or should be removed entirely.

Initial Objectives are objectives you receive at the beginning of the mission.

Secondary Objectives are objectives that appear during the mission. They are numbered by which objectives they occur between. For example, 1A comes between 1 and 2, and must be accomplished before moving on to objective 2. These usually come up because of unforeseen events that occur during the mission. If a secondary objective is ongoing and takes place across several main objectives (a secondary objective might have you hunting a certain enemy during the course of 3 main objectives, for example), they will be numbered 1-3A, etc.

Cutscenes do not follow this method. The number on the cutscene (1A for example) is the mission number, and the letter shows which cutscene it is for that mission.

h4. Cutscene 1A

_The camera is at a first-person view from the player’s cockpit, as the ship is docking with the Control Center._

*MEMBER1 [over the radio]:*
This Control Center is normally manned by a crew of about 100, but none of them have been heard from since the attack. I’m not reading any life signs onboard, either. They appear to have been killed in the explosion that took out the supply station. Well need to find a way over to that hatch on the port side once we dock [NO-1]. Then we’ll find the server rooms [NO-2], retrieve the data [NO-3], and get back out here [NO-4]. Remember not to transmit ANY of the data from here. We can’t risk having the information intercepted. That’s why we’re here in the first place.

*PC:*
Alright, sounds good. Let's get this over with.

_The ships dock and the team members exit their ships. They are now standing on the exterior of the Control Point._

h5. Game action

_The team makes it to the port side hatch [OC-1], only to find it has been destroyed in the attack._

*MEMBER3:*
NO! Why can’t these every just be easy? (pause) Alright, let’s find another way in. [NO-1A]

h5. Game action

_The team finds another way in, through a damaged part of the Control Center’s exterior [OC-1A]. Initially, they are simply running through empty halls, with no contact of any kind from the CC crew. About a quarter of the way through, they see the dead bodies of crew members lying in the passageways. Some of them have been abused quite badly. The team is now moving quickly, realizing that something is not right. They begin to notice fresh blood on some of the walls, as well as other signs that a confrontation has recently taken place. After a few more minutes, they encounter some light resistance from AC forces. They immediately go on high alert. The resistance becomes stronger as the team gets closer to the server room. Inside the server room, they find enemy troops already accessing the servers [OC-2]. The resistance in the server room is much heavier than anything encountered in the rest of the level._

*MEMBER3:*
NO NO NO! How’d they get in here already?!

*MEMBER2:*
Kill ‘em all! [NO-2A]

h5. Game action

_The team fights and destroys all AC forces [OC-2A], retrieving data cards containing information about the attack from some of the dead enemies. After confirming that they have destroyed all the enemies in the area, they go about accessing the servers. They each retrieve information from a different server. MEMBER2 stands guard near the door [OC-3]. MEMBER1 is at a server terminal near the back of the room, putting him farthest from the door._

h4. Cutscene 1B:

_The camera moves to a third-person view. As they are working, they do not notice that a droid has come out of hiding in a roof panel. It quietly approaches MEMBER2, who is watching the hallway from just inside the door. As it nears MEMBER2, it steps on a piece of debris on the ground. MEMBER2 glances behind him and notices it._

*MEMBER2:*

HEY--

_He is cut off by the droid, who shoots him in the face. The team members spin around from their terminals and see MEMBER2 as he falls to the ground._

h5. Game action

_The player and MEMBER3 shoot at the droid, but he is a much more powerful model than the ones encountered earlier. He is heavily armored and escapes out the door. MEMBER1 is not close enough to get a shot in before the droid escapes through the door._

*MEMBER3:*
He’s carrying a hard drive! Get it back now! [New objective here? --ed]

*PC:*
Roger that! Let’s go!

h5. Game Action

_The door shuts as the team runs toward the droid standing on the other side, and the droid blasts the ceiling just outside the door (we hear it but do not see it)._

_If the player tries to go through the door, it will open but will be blocked. A large light labeled “AIRLOCK” lights up on the wall near the door. Another door is heard shutting. Through a viewport on the right side of the room, we can see that the droid has launched himself into space and is using a built-in jetpack to fly toward a small cluster of ships. Another light comes on over a control panel, this time marked “RED ALERT”. A siren sounds._

*Computerized voice:*
Warning: Confederate bombers inbound. All hands brace for attack.

h5. Game action

_An explosion rocks the server room. A gaping hole opens in wall on the right of the room, leading out to open space. MEMBER3 is sucked out, screaming. A laser beam obliterates him. MEMBER2’s body and other random pieces of debris are also sucked out. The servers begin to be move as if they are being pulled out, but are securely fastened in place on their racks, which are in turn attached to the ceiling and floor. The player begins sliding toward the hole, being sucked out like MEMBER3. MEMBER1 is barely holding on to a server rack, trying to keep himself from being pulled out. A blast wall slides into place from above and blocks the hole. More explosions shake the room. A panel on the real wall near MEMBER1 explodes and sends him flying across the room, screaming. He writhes, then stops screaming and moving. The explosion also takes out part of the rear wall. They player exits through the destroyed wall. The player runs through the Control Center as it is being bombed to dust by the AC ships, facing light resistance at times. During this part, passages may be blocked with debris and require the player to find a secondary path. He eventually reaches the other side of the Control Center, where his ship is docked. However, as he rounds the corner to the docking bay door, he finds himself face-to-face with a hulking machine. They do battle. They player is severely outgunned in this match. A cutscene is triggered when the droid is defeated._

h4. Cutscene 1C:

_The droid, heavily damaged, blasts the player backwards. The player is on his back, weakened. The droid approaches. The player, dazed, comes (slightly) to his senses and shoots the droid’s knees out, causing it to collapse. The droid tries to crawl forward, but cannot._
  
*Droid:*
Self-destruct activated.

_The droid begins beeping. The player jumps up and staggers toward the door. As he gets closer to the door, the droid explodes. It is far enough away from the door that the explosion does not kill the player, but does throw him against the wall and do damage to his armor and body (shrapnel from the droid’s body cuts him). He staggers out the door to his ship. As he is powering up, he sees the bombers ending their attack and flying off. He takes off and begins to follow them from a safe distance. The camera moves to a third-person view. We see the inside of another ship, from behind the pilot. A blinking light on a control panel indicates that he is locked onto the player. He follows the player from a safe distance like the player is doing to the bombers. We do not see the pilot._

h4. Objectives

# Find a way into the Satellite Control Center
Enter through the access hatch on the port side.
## Find a new way into the Control Center
The access hatch was destroyed in the attack. Find another way in.
# Locate the main data storage servers
They will be located in a large server room on the other side of the Control Center
## Destroy all enemy infantry and reclaim stolen data
AC forces are already in the process of stealing the stored transmissions. Stop them and take back whatever data they may have already taken.
# Retrieve all data from the time of the attack
It is critical that all information be retrieved. There may be information stored on several separate servers. Due to security protocols, they will all need to be accessed manually. Destroy the copies on the servers once you have confirmed that a copy has been saved to your data card.
# Get out of the Control Center and return the data to base
Make sure everyone gets out safely. Return to base. DO NOT TRANSMIT THE DATA. We must make sure it does not have a chance to be intercepted.

h3. Confederate Base Infiltration Mission

h4. Cutscene 2A

_The player follows the Confederate bombers to a base on an empty desert planet. The base resembles a small, walled-in, high-tech city. There is a stark contrast between the terrain and the base itself. The player lands outside sensor range. He will have to trek across the desert to get inside. He is still weak from his battle with the droid. He has sustained several injuries._

h5. Game action

_The player’s health starts very low, at 10-20%, at the programmers discretion. He must get across an expanse of desert. There may be traps, hidden paths, etc. at the discretion of the map designer. Because the player is so weak, he must avoid wild animals, who will easily kill him. He has a weapon but the powerful monsters on the map are mostly too powerful to be killed by it before they kill him._
