h1. Textures in Xonotic

{{>toc}}

There are 2 material systems in Xonotic that can work together.

h2. System one

First is based by texture name, it reads texture suffix

*Diffuse texture*
* *filename*: texturename.tga
* The diffuse texture, not much to say.

*Normal map* 
* *filename*: texturename_norm.tga
* Xonotic uses OpenGL style tangent space normal map. (Inverted Y/green channel)
* You can put height map in normal maps alpha channel and it will be used when offset or relief mapping is on.

*Alpha channel*
* *filename*: texturename / texturename_norm in 32bit (tga). Alpha channel is loaded from image file.
* *filename*: texturename_alpha.jpg *note ONLY works with jpg at the moment*


*Bump map*
* *filename*: texturename_bump.tga
* Normal map have higher priority and it will overwrite bump map
* Its wise to convert your bump map to a normal map, because that way you can have higher roughness since height of all bump map is limited by cvar

*Specular, shininess strength*
* *filename*: texturename_gloss
* Can use colour 

*Fullbright map / self-illumination map*
* *filename*: texturename_glow
* This textures specify areas that will always render shadeless, they will be very bright and will glow in the dark.

*Custom / Team colour*
* *filename*: texturename_pants
* Primary colour 
* This one tells what part of texture will use custom colour. 
* Make it grayscale and leave same area 100% black in diffuse texture.

* *filename*: texturename_shirt
* Same as texturename_pants, for secondary colour.

h2. System two

Second material system is simplified Quake 3™ shader system.
The main difference is that you can use only 1 pass, with a few exceptions:
* Lightmap pass is allowed 
* Blend shaders are allowed (blending two diffuse textures + lightmap). Same syntax as in quake3.
