h1. Xonotic Wiki

{{>toc}}

This is a wiki / development system where we can gather information for the future of this project.

h2. Project

* [[Faq|Frequently Asked Questions]] 
* [[Pr|Public Relations]] 
* Check out our [[plan|Project Plan]] so far
* [[Organizational Structure]]
* [[Roles|Roles and Skills]] of contributing community members
* [[IRC]] channels
* [[Community development]] planning
* [[Legal|Licensing / Legal]]
* [[Announcements]]
* "Roadmap to v1":http://dev.xonotic.org/versions/show/3
* [[Repository Access]] _(see also [[Git]] and [[Compiling in Windows]])_
* [[Website]] Plannning
* [[Xonotic compatibility pack]] a small pk3 that will rebrand a default Nexuiz install
* Notes from brainstorming [[names|ideas for names]]

h2. Gameplay

* Game Mechanics
** [[Weapons]]
** [[Players]]
** [[Items]]

* Gamemodes
** [[Deathmatch]]
** [[Last Man Standing]]
** [[Arena]]
** [[Keepaway]]
** [[Race]]
** [[Race CTS]]
** [[Team Deathmatch]]
** [[Capture the Flag]]
** [[Clan Arena]]
** [[Freeze Tag]]
** [[Domination]]
** [[Key Hunt]]
** [[Assault]]
** [[Onslaught]]
** [[Nexball]]

* Mutators
** [[Dodging]]
** [[Midair]]
** [[Vampire]]
** [[Blood Loss]]
** [[Low Gravity]]
** [[Cloak]]
** [[Relics]]
** [[Weapon Arena]]
** [[Grappling Hook]]
** [[Jet Pack]]
** [[Rocket Flying]]
** [[Pinata]]
** [[Weapons Stay]]
** [[MinstaGib]]
** [[NIX]]

h2. Art & Media 

* [[Art Roadmap]]
* [[Artistic Style]]
* [[Logo|Xonotic Logo]]
* [[Maps Makeover]]
* [[Weapons Makeover]]
** [[NamesWeapons|New weapon names discussion]]
* [[2d art]]
* [[Music]]
** [[Music contributions]]
* [[Sound FX]]
** [[Sound FX contributions]]
* Story Themes
** [[Close to home]]
** [[Tech Conglomerate]]

h2. Additional Engine References

* [[Darkplaces Parameters]]

h2. Editing

In this section you will find helpful information about editing Xonotic in general, let that be coding, texturing, modeling, mapping, etc

* Programming
** [[Introduction to QuakeC]]
** "DarkPlaces Wiki":http://dpwiki.slipgateconstruct.com/
** "QuakeC Specifications v1.0":http://www.gamers.org/dEngine/quake/spec/quake-spec34/qc-menu.htm
** "QuakeC tutorials":http://www.inside3d.com/tutorials.php at inside3d.com
** [[NewQC]] - Possible changes regarding QC (compiler, syntax, ...)

* [[Modeling]]
** [[Textures|Textures know-how]]
** [[Normal Maps|Normal Maps know-how]]
** [[Polycounts|Polygon count]] on Weapons and Models
** [[framegroups|.framegroups]] file (allow self playing animations) know-how
** [[Voices and sounds|.sounds]] file (player model sounds) know-how 
** [[dpmodel|How to compile dpm models]]
** "Q3A Shader Manual":http://toolz.nexuizninjaz.com/shader/
** How to get an animated mesh from [[Blender to DPM]]
** "Inter-Quake Model (IQM) Format":http://lee.fov120.com/iqm/
** [[Player Model Spec]]
** [[Blender to IQM]]

* Texturing
** Tutorials "1":http://www.cgtextures.com/content.php?action=tutorials
** "Recovering detailed normals from photo textures":http://www.cgtextures.com/content.php?action=tutorial&name=normalmap
** "Hard Surface Texture Painting":http://forums.cgsociety.org/showthread.php?t=373024
** Some "tips":http://forums.xonotic.org/showthread.php?tid=63&pid=445#pid445 by _FruitieX_

* Configuration
** [[democapture|Capturing video clips and using the demo camera]]
** [[Git]]

* [[Mapping]]
** [[Mapper resources]]
** "Map naming convention":http://alientrap.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=2&t=2363&sid=4f8a9e06ada52255e98bdfa744ec6beb#p27330


h2. References

* [[Git]]
* "Redmine Wiki formatting":http://www.redmine.org/wiki/1/RedmineTextFormatting
* [[Forbidden disposable e-mail providers]]
