





h1. Xonotic compatibility pack

The following images and sounds have Nexuiz branding and 'n' logos or are associated with the Nexuiz game. They need to be changed ASAP.

Some of these items may be deleted. If they are (and not replaced), and are map-time data (like shader or textures) they need to go into the Nexuiz compatibility package.

h1. Xonotic compatibility pack 0.2

h2. Images, Models and Shaders

data/gfx/loading.tga - needs a new logo
data/gfx/sb_energy.tga - *not used*, kanji image
data/gfx/sb_invinc.tga - *not used*, purple neon kanji image
data/gfx/sb_kh_full.tga - *not used*, keyhunt key
data/gfx/sb_kh_outline.tga - *not used*, keyhunt key
data/gfx/sb_slowmo.tga - *not used*, kanji symbol
data/gfx/sb_str.tga - *not used*, blue 'n' logo with a black background
data/gfx/winner.tga - used by the campaign, black 'n' logo

data/gfx/hud/sb_invinc.tga - purple neon kanji image
data/gfx/hud/sb_kh_blue.tga - keyhunt key
data/gfx/hud/sb_kh_pink.tga - keyhunt key
data/gfx/hud/sb_kh_red.tga - keyhunt key
data/gfx/hud/sb_kh_yellow.tga - keyhunt key
data/gfx/hud/sb_str.tga - blue neon 'n' logo

data/gfx/hud/menu/*/background.tga
data/gfx/hud/menu/*/background_I*.tga
data/gfx/hud/menu/*/skinpreview.jpg


data/models/ctf/flags.md3 - the new ctf flag by ai, blue 'n' inside 2 spinnig gears, 'n' logo on end of innershaft
data/models/ctf/radiant/flag_blue_radiant.md3 - ?
data/models/ctf/radiant/flag_red_radiant.md3 - ?

data/models/items/g_invincible.md3 - kanji
data/models/items/g_strength.md3 - n

data/models/final_rage/lamp2.md3 - the texture has a 'n' logo

data/models/misc/chatbubble.spr_0.tga - says GNU, GUN, NEX or NXE

data/scripts/flags.shader - needs an alpha fix
data/scripts/stralenex1.shader - dispays a panel with nexuiz

data/textures/desertfactory_documents/note02.tga - mentions nexuiz

data/textures/final_rage/lamp2*.tga - has a 'n' logo

data/textures/flags/* - flag has a big n logo, other tga's have glowing blue n and 

data/textures/stralenex1/slimepit_ad-3_glow*.jpg - says nexuiz

data/textures/tznex01/* - stained glass has a blue or red 'n' logo

mediasource/graphics/chatbubble.svg - NEX, NXE


h2. Sounds

data/sound/announcer/default/welcome.ogg - welcome to nexuiz

data/sound/tutorial/10-at_corp_switch.ogg - mentions AT Corp


h2. Text References

data/nexuiz-credits.txt - remove some of the names!


h1. Xonotic compatibility pack 0.1

h2. Images

data/gfx/loading.tga
data/gfx/sb_energy.tga
data/gfx/sb_kh_full.tga
data/gfx/sb_slowmo.tga
data/gfx/sb_str.tga
data/gfx/winner.tga

data/gfx/hud/sb_invinc.tga
data/gfx/hud/sb_kh_blue.tga
data/gfx/hud/sb_kh_pink.tga
data/gfx/hud/sb_kh_red.tga
data/gfx/hud/sb_kh_yellow.tga
data/gfx/hud/sb_str.tga

data/gfx/hud/menu/*/background.tga
data/gfx/hud/menu/*/background_I*.tga
data/gfx/hud/menu/*/skinpreview.jpg

data/models/misc/chatbubble.spr_0.tga

data/textures/desertfactory_documents/note02.tga
data/textures/desertfactory_documents/writing02.tga

data/textures/flags/*

data/textures/final_rage/lamp2_*.tga

data/textures/stralenex1/slimepit_ad-3_glow*.jpg

data/textures/tznex01/*

h2. Sounds

data/sound/announcer/default/welcome.ogg

data/sound/tutorial/10-at_corp_switch.ogg
